Migrate key management (#65)
cossacklabs/product-docs: acra/keys/inventory.md

There are several types of keys used in Acra:

  - **Storage asymmetric keys.**
    AcraWriter uses the public key to encrypt data to be stored in the database.
    AcraServer and AcraTranslator use corresponding private storage key
    to decrypt data queried from the database. Also AcraServer in 
    [Transparent proxy mode]({{< ref "/acra/configuring-maintaining/general-configuration/acra_server.md#transparent-proxy-mode-INVALID" >}}) and 
    AcraTranslator use public key to encrypt data using AcraWriter.
  - **Storage symmetric keys.**
    AcraServer in Transparent proxy mode and AcraTranslator use symmetric keys to encrypt/decrypt data with [AcraBlocks]({{< ref "acra/acra-in-depth/data-structures/#acrablock" >}})

  - **Blind index keys.**

>     AcraServer in Transparent proxy mode and AcraTranslator uses symmetric keys for hash calculations to implement searchable encryption. More you can read in our [scientific paper](https://eprint.iacr.org/2019/806.pdf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AcraServer in Transparent proxy mode and AcraTranslator uses symmetric keys for hash calculations to implement searchable encryption. You can read more details in our [scientific paper](https://eprint.iacr.org/2019/806.pdf).
```

>     AcraServer in Transparent proxy mode and AcraTranslator uses symmetric keys for hash calculations to implement searchable encryption. More you can read in our [scientific paper](https://eprint.iacr.org/2019/806.pdf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AcraServer in Transparent proxy mode and AcraTranslator uses symmetric keys for hash calculations to implement searchable encryption. You can find more details in our [scientific paper](https://eprint.iacr.org/2019/806.pdf).
```

    Using zones complicates unauthorized decryption:
    the attacker not only needs to get the decryption key but to use a correct Zone ID, too.

## Key names and locations

> Note: Read more about handling key names in [Losing your keys]({{< ref "/acra/keys/troubleshooting.md#losing-the-keys" >}}) and [Renaming your keys]({{< ref "/acra/keys/troubleshooting.md#renaming-key-files" >}}).

Each Acra component has to have its own key storage (by default it is key folder `.acrakeys`) that contains a set of keys necessary for the correct functioning of the components:

- **AcraConnector** needs to have its own transport private key and other party transport public key to establish a [Secure Session connection]({{< ref "themis/crypto-theory/cryptosystems/secure-session.md" >}}). You should put transport public key of AcraServer or AcraTranslator into AcraConnector's key storage, depending on the connection type.

- **AcraServer** should have:
    - AcraConnector's transport public key and AcraServer's own transport private key. This is necessary for accepting connections from clients via Secure Session

>     - Storage and zone asymmetric private key(s) for decrypting AcraStructs generated by AcraWriter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Storage and zone asymmetric private keys for decrypting AcraStructs generated by AcraWriter.
```

>     - Storage and zone asymmetric private key(s) for decrypting AcraStructs generated by AcraWriter.

Reviewer 2: I think it would be nice to mention symmetric keys for AcraBlocks for AcraServer and AcraTranslator.
```
- Storage symmetric keys for encrypting and decrypting AcraBlocks in transparent mode.
```
Or something like this.

    - If AcraServer is running in [Transparent proxy mode]({{< ref "/acra/configuring-maintaining/general-configuration/acra_server.md#transparent-proxy-mode-INVALID" >}}), it should possess the zone and storage public key(s) for encrypting the values from SQL queries to AcraStructs and symmetric data encryption keys for AcraBlocks.
    - Poison record keys to be able to detect poison records in database responses.
    - Keys for secure logging that prevents tampering messages, removing, adding or changing the order of log entries
    - Authentication storage key to access AcraWebConfig's credentials and allow update AcraServer's configuration from WebUI.

- **AcraTranslator** needs to have same keys as AcraServer except authentication storage key.

> - **AcraWriter** should have the storage public key(s). They are necessary for encrypting data into AcraStructs in such a way that would only be readable for AcraServer/AcraTranslator.

Reviewer 2: If there are keys then there are keys.

```suggestion
- **AcraWriter** should have the storage public keys. They are necessary for encrypting data into AcraStructs in such a way that would only be readable for AcraServer/AcraTranslator.
```

- If you're using **AcraWebConfig** HTTP server to configure AcraServer remotely, the users' credentials are stored encrypted with authentication storage key and are decrypted on AcraServer upon users' login. AcraServer needs to have an authentication storage key.

#### Keys table

##### Asymmetric keys
| Purpose  | Private key  | Stays on  | Public key | Put to
| --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
| Transport AcraConnector | clientid | AcraConnector | clientid.pub | AcraServer<br/>AcraTranslator
| Transport AcraServer | clientid_server| AcraServer | clientid_server.pub | AcraConnector
| Transport AcraTranslator | clientid_translator| AcraTranslator | clientid_translator.pub | AcraConnector
| AcraStruct encryption |  |  | clientid_storage.pub | AcraWriter<br/>AcraTranslator<br/>AcraServer (Transparent proxy mode)
| AcraStruct decryption | clientid_storage | AcraServer<br/>AcraTranslator |  |  |
| AcraStruct encryption with Zones |  |  | zoneid_zone.pub | AcraWriter<br/>AcraTranslator<br/>AcraServer (Transparent proxy mode)
| AcraStruct decryption with Zones | zoneid_zone | AcraServer<br/>AcraTranslator | |

> | Poison record with AcraStruct | poison_key | AcraServer<br/>AcrTranslator | poison_key.pub | AcraServer<br/>AcrTranslator

Reviewer 2: I think it would be nice to wrap key file names into backticks rendering them `monospace` to signify that these are file names.

Another thing that I would do is making it obvious that `clientid` is not use verbatim but rather a placeholder. Given that there are examples with specific client IDs below, I think it would be okay to use `${clientID}` or something like this to denote substitution. Hopefully, this would be enough of a hint.

Ditto for symmetric keys table below.

    Using zones complicates unauthorized decryption:
    the attacker not only needs to get the decryption key but to use a correct Zone ID, too.

## Key names and locations

> Note: Read more about handling key names in [Losing your keys]({{< ref "/acra/keys/troubleshooting.md#losing-the-keys" >}}) and [Renaming your keys]({{< ref "/acra/keys/troubleshooting.md#renaming-key-files" >}}).

> Each Acra component has to have its own key storage (by default it is key folder `.acrakeys`) that contains a set of keys necessary for the correct functioning of the components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Correct operation of each Acra's component requires set of cryptographic keys (default keystore is `.acrakeys` filesystem directory)
```

> - **AcraConnector** needs to have its own transport private key and other party transport public key to establish a [Secure Session connection]({{< ref "themis/crypto-theory/cryptosystems/secure-session.md" >}}). You should put transport public key of AcraServer or AcraTranslator into AcraConnector's key storage, depending on the connection type.

Reviewer: IMO, I would use unified `needs to have` or `should have` for each service

Author: agree, unified. left "should" only for AcraWriter because it's correct only in case with app side encryption

> - **AcraServer** should have:

Reviewer: IMO, I would not refer to key names (since they are actually introduced below in correspondent tables), but just explain their high-level purpose, e.g.:
**AcraServer** should have:
1) Keys for accepting connections from clients via SecureSession;
2) Keys for decrypting AcraStructs generated by AcraWriter;
3) Keys for encrypting/decrypting AcraBlocks in transparent mode;
...

Author: IMO, the more verbose explanation is better. Because we have different type of keys (asymmetric/symmetric) for same purposes (AcraStruct/AcraBlock encryption). Same for cases with zones.

- If you're using **AcraWebConfig** HTTP server to configure AcraServer remotely, the users' credentials are stored encrypted with authentication storage key and are decrypted on AcraServer upon users' login. AcraServer needs to have an authentication storage key.

#### Keys table

##### Asymmetric keys
| Purpose  | Private key  | Stays on  | Public key | Put to
| --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
| Transport AcraConnector | `${ClientID}` | AcraConnector | `${ClientID}.pub` | AcraServer<br/>AcraTranslator
| Transport AcraServer | `${ClientID}_server`| AcraServer | `${ClientID}_server.pub` | AcraConnector
| Transport AcraTranslator | `${ClientID}_translator`| AcraTranslator | `${ClientID}_translator.pub` | AcraConnector
| AcraStruct encryption |  |  | `${ClientID}_storage.pub` | AcraWriter<br/>AcraTranslator<br/>AcraServer (Transparent proxy mode)
| AcraStruct decryption | `${ClientID}_storage` | AcraServer<br/>AcraTranslator |  |  |
| AcraStruct encryption with Zones |  |  | `${ZoneID}_zone.pub` | AcraWriter<br/>AcraTranslator<br/>AcraServer (Transparent proxy mode)
| AcraStruct decryption with Zones | `${ZoneID}_zone` | AcraServer<br/>AcraTranslator | |

> | Poison record with AcraStruct | `poison_key` | AcraServer<br/>AcrTranslator | `poison_key.pub` | AcraServer<br/>AcrTranslator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Poison record with AcraStruct | `poison_key` | AcraServer<br/>AcraTranslator | `poison_key.pub` | AcraServer<br/>AcraTranslator
```
